Add `TryFromDto` trait to unify functionality and reduce repeated code (#801)
iotaledger/iota-sdk: bindings/python/CHANGELOG.md

### Security -->

## 1.0.0-rc.2 - 2023-MM-DD

### Changed

> - Utils `compute_token_id` and `computer_foundry_id` field `tokenSchemeKind` renamed to `tokenSchemeType`;

Reviewer: The param changed for users, internally this doesn't need a changelog
```suggestion
- Utils `compute_token_id` and `compute_foundry_id` param `token_scheme_kind` renamed to `token_scheme_type`;
```

- `{Client, SecretManager}::sign_transaction` return type from `SignedTransactionData` to `TransactionPayload`;
- Split `Output` into multiple classes;
- Renamed `TokenScheme` to `SimpleTokenScheme`;

> - Utils `compute_token_id` and `computer_foundry_id` field `tokenSchemeKind` renamed to `tokenSchemeType`;

Reviewer: Thibault just released it https://github.com/iotaledger/iota-sdk/releases/tag/iota-sdk-python-v1.0.0-rc.1, so needs an entry in the next version

Author: 😡

Reviewer 2: 😡
